# POWER-BI-PROJECT-1

# INTRODUCTION 

The analysis focused on an accumulated dataset of Netflix User's spanning across 10(ten) countries with several reference to gender, devices used, subscription type and many others. The aim of the analysis is to gain insights on the use of the platform within the stated countries, revenue generated within the subscription duration, the age range and gender influenced on the platform. This is used to acquire the knowledge on how best the platform works or what to work on.

# KEY QUESTIONS ASKED

* Total Revenue
* Sum of Monthly Revenue by Country
* Sum of Monthly Revenue by Subscription type and Gender
* Total Revenue BY Age Range
* Number of User's
* Slicers selected to influence the decisions

# SKILLS DEMONSTRATED 
* Data Cleaning
* Data Manipulation
* Data Transformation
  
  All done in Power Query.

# KPI

Total Revenue

# ANSWERS TO THE QUESTIONS ASKED

TOTAL REVENUE 

Calculation was done with a measure function using the SUM function on Monthly Revenue generated by the User's which brought about the amount of $31,000.00. Card prove to be the best visualization for such information. 



Sum of Monthly Revenue by Country

A horizontal bar chart was the best visual to display the total sum per country. It visualizes Spain and US has the highest Revenue generated on the platform




Number of Users

It was calculated in a new column using the DISTINCTCOUNT function to remove blanks and duplicate data, the result was visualize on a card.



Sum of Monthly Revenue by Subscription type

A horizontal bar chart gave a good insight, displaying Basic Subscription was the most purchased by User's. Another insight drawn was the number of User's by country, this was displayed on a horizontal bar chart as well which gives out the fact that "Spain" and "US" has the most User's on the platform. 


Sum of Monthly Revenue by Subscription type and Gender 

It was another objective drawn from the dataset which showcase "Female" Gender used the platform more than the "Male" Gender and the most used subscription type was also Basic.


Total Revenue by Age Range

Illustrated in a donut chart, after conditional formatting was used to create an Age Bins for the Age cell to give us the total age range of User's, it span from age 26 to 51. Showing age 30 to 39 and 40 to 49 
used the platform the most.


# SLICERS

The Slicers allowed the filtering on the information and three Slicers was used, the devices used mostly was "Tablet" it has the highest number of users across the countries. The Gender and subscription type filter was introduced as well to maximise the insights of the analysis.


# CONCLUSION 

